[v6r22] update the WebApp administrator docs (#4174)
DIRACGrid/DIRAC: docs/source/AdministratorGuide/InstallingWebAppDIRAC/index.rst

     # (WebApp is required if you are installing the Portal on this server).
     #  Only modules not defined as default to install in their projects need to be defined here:
     #   i.e. LHCb, LHCbWeb for LHCb for example: Extensions = WebAppDIRAC,LHCb,LHCbWeb
     Extensions = WebApp
     Project = DIRAC
     WebPortal = yes
     WebApp = yes

>      # Note: This service only needed, if does not exists in the machine used to install WebApp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     # Note: This service is only needed, if does not exist on the machine used to install the WebApp
```
